[Music]
hey Prav what are you busy with can't
you see I busy valuating my health
insurance plan from various options
available in this era of personalization
where my pizza toppings can be choosen
as per my requirement where my clothes
can be tailor made why can't my health
insurance gives me benefits personalized
to me and my family's unique needs this
is all
West introducing elevate as a game
changer health insurance solution to all
the customer pain points such as premium
affordability product complexity and
inadequate coverages in a policy with a
single product finally an insurance plan
that understand all your Healthcare
[Music]
needs now let us understand the key
features of elevate product but before
that have you ever heard of infinite Su
insured coverage under a health
insurance plan H well now it is time to
never worry about exhausting your health
insurance coverage because with elevates
in finite sum insured your protection
adapts as your needs evolve the hassle
of limited coverages is a thing of past
now under this plan you you can choose
the sum insured from 5 lakh to three
cres or you have also an option to
choose the unlimited coverage here is to
another add-on cover which excites you
jump start a unique cover to reduce your
waiting period now you can completely
personalize your coverage your healthare
insurance cost also your experience with
our jump start add-on cover which allows
you to reduce the waiting period
even if you have pre-existing conditions
like athema diabetes or hypertension
Elevate plan reduces your waiting period
to just 30 days instead of 2 years in
the traditional plans well this is not
it we have an infinite claim amount
coverage under the Elevate plan now you
can aail one time in finite claim amount
for your selected claim yes Yes you
heard it right elevates infinite care
add-on ensures you are always covered to
get the onetime infinite claim amount
for your selected claim are you ready to
experience and power booster performance
of your health insurance plan well now
with Elevate you can experience the
power booster feature which offers 100%
Su insured enhancement every year Well
you heard it right irrespective of any
of the claims being made in the policy
your cumulative bonus continues to grow
unlimited
times now there is one more exciting
benefit which is in finite reset under
the Elevate plan now reset your coverage
limit whenever needed without
limitations as this new add-on cover
will trigger a refill of your coverage
unlimited times for same or different
ill business es Elevate ensures your
protection is always at the peak with
its reset
benefit I am sure Elevate is going to be
a GameChanger in the health insurance
space of India well still confused why
to choose Elevate let me give you some
more answers to it elevate offers
infinite possibilities for health
insurance needs from flexible coverage
options to substantial benefits that
adapt to your life let us Elevate the
definition of healthcare with our newly
launched Elevate product which gives you
unique coverages as shown on the screen
where you can remain WorryFree elevate
your lifestyle get the benefit of bspoke
maternity packages and all these
coverages and services on a premium
which stands the right for value of your
hard-earned money now to learn more
about Elevate products and start
securing your family's future please
connect to ICI Lombard's relationship
manager empowering your health Journey
you can also visit us at the website as
mentioned on the screen or call us on
our toll-free number to elevate your
health insurance with ICICI Lombard
thank you